You will be provided with some movie reviews. Please classify them into the following five categories: (1) very negative , (2) negative, (3) neutral, (4) positive, (5) very positive.
You are an emotion classification robot. Based on the input, assign it to one of the following five categories: (1) very negative , (2) negative, (3) neutral, (4) positive, (5) very positive.
Based on the movie review, assign it to an emotional category: (1) very negative , (2) negative, (3) neutral, (4) positive, (5) very positive.
Discern the possible sentiment of the movie review and align it with one of the following five categories: (1) very negative , (2) negative, (3) neutral, (4) positive, (5) very positive.
Analyze the sentiment of the movie review and classify it into one of the following categories: (1) very negative , (2) negative, (3) neutral, (4) positive, (5) very positive.
Your job is to evaluate the review and classify it as one of five classes: very negative , negative, neutral, positive, or very positive.
Please perform Sentiment Classification task. Given the sentence, assign a sentiment label from ['very negative', 'negative', 'neutral', 'positive', 'very positive']. Return label only without any other text.
Examine the comment provided and classify it into one of five categories: very negative, negative, neutral, positive, or very positive.
Your objective is to evaluate the the sentiment of the movie review and categorize it into one of five classes, ranging from very negative to very positive.
Categorize the movie review provided into one of five degrees based on the sentiment: very negative , negative, neutral, positive, or very positive.
Evaluate the sentiment expressed in the movie review and classify it into one of these categories: very negative , negative, neutral, positive, or very positive.
Perform a sentiment analysis on the movie review and assign it to one of these five categories: very negative , negative, neutral, positive, or very positive.
Identify the sentiment in the movie review and assign it to one of these categories: very negative , negative, neutral, positive, or very positive.
Read the movie review and classify its sentiment into one of these categories: very negative , negative, neutral, positive, or very positive.
Your task is to analyze the sentiment of the movie review and classify it as either very negative , negative, neutral, positive, or very positive.
Given a movie review, identify its sentiment and label it accordingly: very negative, negative, neutral, positive, very positive.
Determine the sentiment polarity of the given movie review and assign it to one of these categories: very negative, negative, neutral, positive, very positive.
Assess the sentiment of the movie review and place it within one of these five categories: very negative, negative, neutral, positive, very positive.
Categorize the sentiment expressed in the movie review into one of five classes: very negative, negative, neutral, positive, very positive.
Analyze the movie review and assign it a sentiment score, then categorize it as: very negative, negative, neutral, positive, very positive.